com.riis.restfulwebservice.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R: R()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$attr: R$attr()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int HTTP
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int HTTPS
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int RelativeLayout1
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int TextView1
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int api
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int apiKey
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: int output
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$id: R$id()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$layout: int rest_ful_webservice
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$layout: R$layout()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$string: int app_name
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$string: int hello_world
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$string: int menu_settings
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$string: R$string()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$style: int AppTheme
com.riis.restfulwebservice.R$style: R$style()
com.riis.restfulwebservice.RestFulWebservice
com.riis.restfulwebservice.RestFulWebservice: RestFulWebservice()
