com.example.android.sip.BuildConfig: BuildConfig()
com.example.android.sip.IncomingCallReceiver
com.example.android.sip.IncomingCallReceiver: IncomingCallReceiver()
com.example.android.sip.R: R()
com.example.android.sip.R$attr: R$attr()
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: int btn_record
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: int btn_speak_normal
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: int btn_speak_pressed
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: int btn_speak_selected
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: int icon
com.example.android.sip.R$drawable: R$drawable()
com.example.android.sip.R$id: int calladdress_edit
com.example.android.sip.R$id: int calladdress_view
com.example.android.sip.R$id: int mainlayout
com.example.android.sip.R$id: int pushToTalk
com.example.android.sip.R$id: int sipLabel
com.example.android.sip.R$id: R$id()
com.example.android.sip.R$layout: int call_address_dialog
com.example.android.sip.R$layout: int walkietalkie
com.example.android.sip.R$layout: R$layout()
com.example.android.sip.R$string: int app_name
com.example.android.sip.R$string: int contactAddress
com.example.android.sip.R$string: int talk
com.example.android.sip.R$string: R$string()
com.example.android.sip.R$xml: int preferences
com.example.android.sip.R$xml: R$xml()
com.example.android.sip.SipSettings
com.example.android.sip.SipSettings: SipSettings()
com.example.android.sip.WalkieTalkieActivity
com.example.android.sip.WalkieTalkieActivity: WalkieTalkieActivity()
